Portland CFP WIP (#1641)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2022/tickets.rst

{% if flagticketsonsale %}

* `Buy Corporate Ticket <https://ti.to/writethedocs/write-the-docs-{{shortcode}}-{{year}}>`__

{% endif %}

.. class:: ticket

**Independent Tickets** *{{tickets.independent.price}}*
--------------------------------------------

Purchase this ticket if you are paying for yourself, or if you work at a non-profit, a government, or a company with fewer than 10 employees.

{% if flagticketsonsale %}

* `Buy Independent Ticket <https://ti.to/writethedocs/write-the-docs-{{shortcode}}-{{year}}>`__

{% endif %}

.. class:: ticket

**Student or Unemployed Tickets** *{{tickets.student.price}}*
--------------------------------------------

Purchase this ticket if you are currently enrolled as a student, or don't currently have a source of income.

{% if flagticketsonsale %}

* `Buy Student or Unemployed Ticket <https://ti.to/writethedocs/write-the-docs-{{shortcode}}-{{year}}>`__

{% endif %}

.. class:: ticket

**None of the above**
---------------------

If you can't afford these prices and still wish to attend, you can apply for our grant program.
{% if grants and grants.ends and grants.url %}

> You can apply until **{{ grants.ends }}, Midnight {{ tz }}** on `our website <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{ shortcode }}/{{ year }}/opportunity-grants/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can apply until **{{ grants.ends }}, 11:59PM {{ tz }}** on `our website <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{ shortcode }}/{{ year }}/opportunity-grants/>`_.
```

* Access to the conference chat with all other attendees, speakers and sponsors
* Access to the writing day
* The virtual job fair

> * Snacks and drinks will be provided, but meals will be found in the local neighbhorhood.

Author: ```suggestion
* Snacks and drinks will be provided, but not breakfast or lunch. We'll provide a list of local eateries before the conference.
```

**All talk videos will be published on our YouTube channel no later than 1 week after the conference.**

Refund Policy
-------------

Refunds will be offered with a 10% processing fee until 2 weeks before the conference.

> All COVID-related refunds will be refunded in full with no time limit.

Author: ```suggestion
All refund requests for COVID-related reasons will be refunded in full, with no time limit.
```
